---
title: "Chip War (미국판) - 크리스 밀러 칩워"
date: 2023-05-13 20:25:11
categories: [국내도서 인문/사회]
image: https://shopping-phinf.pstatic.net/main_3655551/36555517622.20221216081347.jpg
---

## **정보**

- **ISBN : 9781668012055**
- **출판사 : Scribner Book Company**
- **출판일 : 20221004**
- **저자 : Miller, Chris**

------



## **요약**



●  2022 Business Book of the Year Award winner  

An epic account of the decades-long battle to control what has emerged as the worlds most critical resourcemicrochip technologywith the United States and China increasingly in conflict.

You may be surprised to learn that microchips are the new oilthe scarce resource on which the modern world depends. Today, military, economic, and geopolitical power are built on a foundation of computer chips. Virtually everythingfrom missiles to microwaves, smartphones to the stock marketruns on chips. Until recently, America designed and built the fastest chips and maintained its lead as the 1 superpower. Now, Americas edge is slipping, undermined by competitors in Taiwan, Korea, Europe, and, above all, China. Today, as Chip War reveals, China, which spends more money each year importing chips than it spends importing oil, is pouring billions into a chip-building initiative to catch up to the US. At stake is Americas military superiority and economic prosperity.

Economic historian Chris Miller explains how the semiconductor came to play a critical role in modern life and how the U.S. become dominant in chip design and manufacturing and applied this technology to military systems. Americas victory in the Cold War and its global military dominance stems from its ability to harness computing power more effectively than any other power. But here, too, China is catching up, with its chip-building ambitions and military modernization going hand in hand. America has let key components of the chip-building process slip out of its grasp, contributing not only to a worldwide chip shortage but also a new Cold War with a superpower adversary that is desperate to bridge the gap.

Illuminating, timely, and fascinating, Chip War shows that, to make sense of the current state of politics, economics, and technology, we must first understand the vital role played by chips.



------

#Chip War (미국판) - 크리스 밀러 칩워


## **리뷰** 

  q******* Chip War (미국판)
 2023-05-02 09:13:26.338561 <br/>  x******* 반도체 분야에 괜찮은 책이 나와서 기쁩니다 2023-04-27 12:39:33.031852 <br/>  g******* 아이들 영어 공부용으로 샀어요 맘에 들어요 2023-04-25 12:42:46.56792 <br/>  h******* 아이들 영어 수업 위해 구입했습니다. 좋네요. 2023-04-18 04:58:42.029332 <br/>  j******* 반도체를 둘러싼 미중 간의 경쟁 2023-03-16 20:06:33.326104 <br/>  a******* 미국판 반도체를 둘러싼 미중 간의 패권갱쟁 설명 2023-03-10 00:21:20.661778 <br/>  p******* A solid introduction to the circumstances concerning the modern chip industry. (The U.S. perspective) I would recommend it to anyone studying science. 2023-02-21 12:48:54.520529 <br/>  i******* 최고의 영어 원서를 만났습니다. 반도체를 둘러싸고 
세계의 패권 전쟁을 그림 보듯 알 수 있네요.  2023-01-04 07:52:51.036699 <br/>