---
title: "Elon Musk 일론 머스크 전기 (미국판)"
date: 2023-08-23 20:44:14
categories: [국내도서 문학]
image: https://shopping-phinf.pstatic.net/main_4012210/40122101624.20230531071423.jpg
---

## **정보**

- **ISBN : 9781982181284**
- **출판사 : Simon & Schuster**
- **출판일 : 20230912**
- **저자 : Isaacson, Walter**

------



## **요약**



● From the author of Steve Jobs and other bestselling biographies, this is the astonishingly intimate story of the most fascinating and controversial innovator of our eraa rule-breaking visionary who helped to lead the world into the era of electric vehicles, private space exploration, and artificial intelligence. Oh, and took over Twitter.

Book Description

From the author of Steve Jobs and other bestselling biographies, this is the astonishingly intimate story of Elon Musk, the most fascinating and controversial innovator of our eraa rule-breaking visionary who helped to lead the world into the era of electric vehicles, private space exploration, and artificial intelligence. Oh, and took over Twitter.

When Elon Musk was a kid in South Africa, he was regularly beaten by bullies. One day a group pushed him down some concrete steps and kicked him until his face was a swollen ball of flesh. He was in the hospital for a week. But the physical scars were minor compared to the emotional ones inflicted by his father, an engineer, rogue, and charismatic fantasist.

His fathers impact on his psyche would linger. He developed into a tough yet vulnerable man-child, prone to abrupt Jekyll-and-Hyde mood swings, with an exceedingly high tolerance for risk, a craving for drama, an epic sense of mission, and a maniacal intensity that was callous and at times destructive.

At the beginning of 2022after a year marked by SpaceX launching thirty-one satellites, Tesla selling a million cars, and him becoming the richest man on earthMusk spoke ruefully about his compulsion to stir up dramas. “I need to shift my mindset away from being in crisis mode, which it has been for about fourteen years now, or arguably most of my life,” he said.

It was a wistful comment, not a New Years resolution. Even as he said it, he was secretly buying up shares of Twitter, the worlds ultimate playground. Over the years, whenever he was in a dark place, his mind went back to being bullied on the playground. Now he had the chance to own the playground.

For two years, Isaacson shadowed Musk, attended his meetings, walked his factories with him, and spent hours interviewing him, his family, friends, co-workers, and adversaries. The result is the revealing inside story, filled with amazing tales of triumphs and turmoil, that addresses the question are the demons that drive Musk also what it takes to drive innovation and progress?

Author Biography
Walter Isaacson is the bestselling author of biographies of Jennifer Doudna, Leonardo da Vinci, Steve Jobs, Benjamin Franklin, and Albert Einstein. He is a professor of history at Tulane and was CEO of the Aspen Institute, chair of CNN, and editor of Time. He was awarded the National Humanities Medal in 2023. Visit him at Isaacson.Tulane.edu.



------

#Elon Musk 일론 머스크 전기 (미국판)


