---
title: "Small Things Like These"
date: 2023-12-20 08:24:04
categories: [국내도서 문학]
image: https://shopping-phinf.pstatic.net/main_3556974/35569744621.20231210075444.jpg
---

## **정보**

- **ISBN : 9780571368709**
- **출판사 : Faber & Faber**
- **출판일 : 20221103**
- **저자 : Claire Keegan**

------



## **요약**



●  A SUNDAY TIMES AND IRISH TIMES BESTSELLER 

 Chosen as a Spectator, Irish Times and Irish Independent Book of the Year 

THE NEW NOVEL FROM THE INTERNATIONALLY BESTSELLING AUTHOR OF FOSTER , ANTARCTICA AND WALK THE BLUE FIELDS

WINNER OF THE ORWELL PRIZE FOR POLITICAL FICTION AND THE KERRY GROUP IRISH NOVEL OF THE YEAR.

SHORTLISTED FOR THE RATHBONES FOLIO PRIZE AND THE IRISH NOVEL OF THE YEAR AT THE DALKEY LITERARY AWARDS

A single one of Keegans grounded, powerful sentences can contain volumes of social history. Every word is the right word in the right place, and the effect is resonant and deeply moving. Hilary Tablecloth (Winner of the Booker Prize 2009 and 2012)

This is a tale of courage and compassion, of good sons and vulnerable young mothers. Absolutely beautiful. Douglas Stuart (Winner of the Booker Prize 2020)

Marvellous-exact and icy and loving all at once. Sarah Moss

A haunting, hopeful masterpiece. Sinéad Gleeson

 A BBC TWO BETWEEN THE COVERS BOOK CLUB PICK
CHOSEN AS A BBC RADIO 4 BOOK AT BEDTIME

It is 1985, in an Irish Town. During the weeks leading up to Christmas, Bill Furlong, a coal and timber merchant, faces into his busiest season. As he does the rounds, he feels the past rising up to meet him - and encounters the complicit silences of a people controlled by the Church.

The long-awaited new work from the author of Foster , Small Things Like These is an unforgettable story of hope, quiet heroism and tenderness.



------

#Small Things Like These


## **리뷰** 

  n******* 생각하게 해주는 것 같아요 2023-10-29 16:01:58.175959 <br/>