---
title: "The Good Life"
date: 2023-02-09 20:32:56
categories: [국내도서 경제/경영]
image: https://shopping-phinf.pstatic.net/main_3729966/37299662625.20230121071439.jpg
---

## **정보**

- **ISBN : 9781668022597**
- **출판사 : Simon & Schuster**
- **출판일 : 20230110**
- **저자 : Waldinger, Robert 외**

------



## **요약**

Perfect for readers of Arthur Brooks, Daniel Pink, Angela Duckworth, and other writers who delve into how to fashion prosperous, fulfilling lives.  An engrossing look at why relationships matter, featuring an unprecedented abundance of data to back it up. ― Kirkus Reviews (starred review)Robert Waldinger and Marc Schulz lead us on an empowering quest towards our greatest need meaningful human connection. Blending research from an ongoing 80-year study of life satisfaction with emotional storytelling proves that ancient wisdom has been right all along - a good life is built with good relationships. -- Jay Shetty, bestselling author of Think Like a Monk and host of the podcast On PurposeIn a crowded field of life advice and even life advice based on scientific research, Schulz and Waldinger stand apart. Capitalizing on the most intensive study of adult development in history, they tell us what makes a good life and why. -- Angela Duckworth, author of Grit, Christopher H. Browne Distinguished Professor of Psychology, University of Pennsylvania, co-founder and CEO of Character LabFascinating. . . . Combining intensive research with actionable steps, this penetrating testament to the power of human connection offers gems for almost anyone looking to improve their happiness. ― Publishers WeeklyWant the secret to the good life? Robert Waldinger and Marc Schulz give it to you in this magnificent new book. Based on the longest survey ever conducted over peoples lives, The Good Life reveals who winds up happy, who doesnt, and whyand how you can use this information starting today. -- Arthur C. Brooks, Professor, Harvard Kennedy School and Harvard Business School, and 1 New York Times bestselling authorWaldinger and Schulz are world experts on the counterintuitive things that make life meaningful. Their bookwill provide welcome advice for a world facing unprecedented levels of unhappiness and loneliness. -- Laurie Santos, PhD, Chandrika and Ranjan Tandon Professor of Psychology at Yale University and host of the podcast The Happiness Lab podcastThe Good Life tells the story of a rare and fascinating study of lives over time. This insightful, interesting, and well-informed book reveals the secret of happinessand reminds us that it was never really a secret, after all. -- Daniel Gilbert, author of the New York Times best-seller Stumbling on Happiness and host of the PBS television series This Emotional LifeWaldinger and Schulz have written an essential  perhaps the essential  book on human flourishing. Backed by extraordinary research and packed with actionable advice, The Good Life will expand your brain and enrich your heart. -- Daniel H. Pink, 1 New York Times bestselling author of The Power of Regret, Drive, and A Whole New MindIm beyond thrilled that Dr. Waldinger and Dr. Schulz are publishing the findings of the Harvard Study. Over the years, Ive discussed their research and recommended Dr. Waldingers TED talk around the world. I can hardly wait to recommend The Good Life. Its accessible, interesting, and grounded in researchand is bound to make a difference in the lives of millions. -- Tal Ben-Shahar, bestselling author of Being Happy You Dont Have to Be Perfect to Lead a Richer, Happier Life, and Happier Learn the Secrets to Daily Joy and Lasting FulfillmentThis book is simply extraordinary. It weaves hard data and enlightening case studies and interviews together seamlessly in a way that stays true to the science while humanizing it. And what an important lesson it teaches. It helps people to understand how they should live their lives, and also provides a spectacular picture of what psychology can be at its best. It is data driven, of course, but data are just noise without wise interpretation. -- Barry Schwartz, author of Practical Wisdom (with Kenneth Sharpe) and Why We Work

● What makes for a happy life, a fulfilling life? A good life? According to the directors of the Harvard Study of Adult Development, the longest scientific study of happiness ever conducted, the answer to these questions may be closer than you realize.

What makes a life fulfilling and meaningful? The simple but surprising answer is relationships. The stronger our relationships, the more likely we are to live happy, satisfying, and overall healthier lives. In fact, the Harvard Study of Adult Development reveals that the strength of our connections with others can predict the health of both our bodies and our brains as we go through life.

The invaluable insights in this book emerge from the revealing personal stories of hundreds of participants in the Harvard Study as they were followed year after year for their entire adult lives, and this wisdom is bolstered by research findings from this and many other studies. Relationships in all their formsfriendships, romantic partnerships, families, coworkers, tennis partners, book club members, Bible study groupsall contribute to a happier, healthier life. And as The Good Life shows us, its never too late to strengthen the relationships you have, and never too late to build new ones.

Dr. Waldingers TED Talk about the Harvard Study, “What Makes a Good Life,” has been viewed more than 42 million times and is one of the ten most-watched TED talks ever. The Good Life has been praised by bestselling authors Jay Shetty (“Robert Waldinger and Marc Schulz lead us on an empowering quest towards our greatest need meaningful human connection”), Angela Duckworth (“In a crowded field of life advice and even life advice based on scientific research, Schulz and Waldinger stand apart”), and happiness expert Laurie Santos (“Waldinger and Schulz are world experts on the counterintuitive things that make life meaningful”).

With warmth, wisdom, and compelling life stories, The Good Life shows us how we can make our lives happier and more meaningful through our connections to others.



------

#The Good Life


