---
title: "The 169-Storey Treehouse"
date: 2023-09-17 08:41:50
categories: [국내도서 유아/아동/청소년]
image: https://shopping-phinf.pstatic.net/main_3934176/39341763631.20230517071022.jpg
---

## **정보**

- **ISBN : 9781529097160**
- **출판사 : Macmillan Children's Books**
- **출판일 : 20230914**
- **저자 : 앤디 그리피스**

------



## **요약**



● 10 Million Children Laughing Worldwide

There are lots of laughs at every level in The 169-Storey Treehouse, the last book in the worldwide bestselling Treehouse series by Andy Griffiths and Terry Denton.

Andy and Terry have added thirteen new levels and built their biggest and most astonishing treehouse yet! It has everything they – and you – could wish for including an electric pony stable, a NOISY level, a weather dome (where you can have whatever weather you want whenever you want it), and an 100% edible gingerbread house and a potato-powered translation transmitter that allows you to talk to everything everywhere all at the same time.

Theres also a hall of funhouse mirrors, which is the perfect place to hide from Mr Bunkoff who is trying to catch Andy, Terry and Jill in order to send them to school.

But Anti-Andy, Terrible Terry and Junkyard Jill, their trouble-making opposites, are trapped in one of the mirrors ― and they want out. (Oh, and Mr Big Nose wants them to write their book . . . RIGHT NOW.)

Can our heroes escape school, defeat their doppelgängers AND meet their book deadline?

Well, what are you waiting for? Come on up!



------

#The 169-Storey Treehouse


## **리뷰** 

  p******* 6학년 아이가 좋아하는 책이네여잘
읽어요 2023-09-16 08:59:25.62987 <br/>  h******* 4학년 꾸준히 계속 읽고 있어요 2023-09-14 13:12:09.667037 <br/>  n******* 아이가 나무집 시리즈를 좋아해서 나오자마자 바로 구매했어요^^ 2023-09-14 09:30:17.014 <br/>