---
title: "The Year of Magical Thinking"
date: 2023-02-11 20:31:11
categories: [국내도서 문학]
image: https://shopping-phinf.pstatic.net/main_3243626/32436264228.20221228073527.jpg
---

## **정보**

- **ISBN : 9780007216857**
- **출판사 : HARPER PERENNIAL**
- **출판일 : 20060904**
- **저자 : Joan Didion**

------



## **요약**

It is the most awesome performance of both participating in, and watching, an event. Even though Didion does not allow herself to break down, only a terribly controlled reader will resist doing the same. John Freeman, IndependentUltimately, and unexpectedly for a book about illness and death, this is a wonderfully life affirming book. Lisa OKelly, ObserverSearing, informative and affecting. Dont leave life without it. Financial TimesThis is a beautiful and devastating book by one of the finest writers we have. Didion has always been a precise, humane and meticulously truthful writer, but on the subject of death she becomes essential. Zadie SmithTaking the reader to places where they would not otherwise go is one of the things a really good book can do. “The Year of Magical Thinking” does just that, and brilliantly. Powerful, moving and true. Cressida Connolly, SpectatorA great book, a great work. Angular, exact, pressured and tough, precise as a diamond drill bit. Nick Laird

● From one of Americas iconic writers, a portrait of a marriage and a life ? in good times and bad ? that will speak to anyone who has ever loved a husband or wife or child. A stunning book of electric honesty and passion.

Several days before Christmas 2003, John Gregory Dunne and Joan Didion saw their only daughter, Quintana, fall ill. At first they thought it was flu, then pneumonia, then complete sceptic shock. She was put into an induced coma and placed on life support. Days later ? the night before New Years Eve ?the Dunnes were just sitting down to dinner after visiting the hospital when John suffered a massive and fatal coronary. In a second, this close, symbiotic partnership of 40 years was over. Four weeks later, their daughter pulled through. Two months after that, arriving at LA airport, she collapsed and underwent six hours of brain surgery at UCLA Medical Centre to relieve a massive hematoma.

This powerful book is Didions attempt to make sense of the weeks and then months that cut loose any fixed idea I ever had about death, about illness … about marriage and children and memory … about the shallowness of sanity, about life itself. The result is an exploration of an intensely personal yet universal experience a portrait of a marriage, and a life, in good times and bad.



------

#The Year of Magical Thinking


## **리뷰** 

  a******* 사랑하는 가족을 눈 앞에서 잃은 슬픔
황망하게 떠난 이들에게 보내는 
한권의 비가 2022-11-10 18:19:20.912095 <br/>