---
title: "The Let Them Theory"
date: 2025-03-09 08:27:55
categories: [국내도서 경제/경영]
image: https://shopping-phinf.pstatic.net/main_5214276/52142769624.20250211071458.jpg
---

## **정보**

- **ISBN : 9781788176187**
- **출판사 : Hay House UK Ltd**
- **출판일 : 20241224**
- **저자 : Mel Robbins**

------



## **요약**



● Become happier, more confident, and secure with a simple, viral, life-changing tool from Mel Robbins, host of the 1 Mel Robbins Podcast and New York Times best-selling author.

Take Control of Your Life With 2 Simple Words

The Let Them Theory is a life-changing tool that millions of people cant stop talking about.

This is the best relationship advice no one has ever told you before.

Start using it, and almost immediately, something begins to happen

· Your stress and tension lowers.
· You feel more in control.
· Frustrating relationships disappear.
· Healthier relationships appear.
· Happiness and ease become your new default.

If youre having trouble improving your life or achieving your goals, the problem isnt you. The problem is other people. Because you are making them the problem.

Youre spending too much time and energy trying to manage other people. And whether you realize it or not, it is making you miserable, tired, and stressing you out.

Theres a better way to live.

New York Times best-selling author and 1 ranked podcast host Mel Robbins, one of the most respected experts in the world on mindset, motivation, and behavior change, is known to her 19 million followers for her relatable advice and science-backed tools that have changed the lives of millions worldwide.

The Let Them Theory is Robbins most powerful and profound work yet. Renowned for her ability to simplify complex topics into simple daily actions, Robbins draws on decades of research in psychology, neuroscience, and ancient philosophy to share the fastest, most direct path to changing your relationships with other people.

Learn how to

· Avoid the 1 regret that people have at the end of their lives when it comes to relationships.· Protect your time and energy from negative people.
· Motivate yourself (or others) to change any behavior.
· Bring more love, acceptance, and support into your romantic relationships.
· Find and have the best friendships of your life.
· Stop worrying about what other people think of you.
· Build the life that you truly want.
...and much more.

This theory will change how you think about your entire life.

Two words. Endless possibilities.

Let Them.



------

#The Let Them Theory


## **리뷰** 

  e******* 나에겐 성경과도 같은 책 2025-03-04 22:09:28.937635 <br/>  j******* 아직 25페이지 정도밖에 안 읽었지만 흥미롭고 해방되는 느낌이 들었습니다 2025-03-02 18:02:48.804276 <br/>  o******* 추천합니다
너무 도움 됩니다 2025-03-01 14:18:24.512283 <br/>  l******* 요즘 삶의 기본으로 가지고 가게 된 이론의 책 2025-02-25 08:24:13.457741 <br/>